MIU404 to No.1 HQ. We've returned
from patrolling the area. Over.
No.1 HQ, roger.
I remembered something important.
What?
Recently, every night before going to bed,
I've been wanting to tell you something.
Yet, you forget to do so,
so it must be trivial.
I see your face
every night before going to sleep.
That sucks, right?
I'd rather see a cute girl's face
in my mind before going to bed.
Whatever, man.
Like…
You forget what to say
because you digress like that.
-Oh, you're so right.
-So?
Tell me.
You never said sorry.
Excuse me?
You punched me.
Don't do it!
Fly into the sky. Change and soul.
I told you I learned my lesson.
I won't pull out my gun.
That's assault and battery.
It sure did hurt.
-It hurts so much I can't even eat.
-I saw you binging on noodles.
Say you're sorry.
"Sorry I punched you." Go.
I've something to say, too.
Why do we use this van?
The police use the van
to conduct stakeouts.
It's all we've got. Don't complain.
But No. 4 MIU has other cars.
Can't we use one of them
when we're on duty?
Shima.
Yes?
Who would allow you two to use their car?
I sure wouldn't.
Sellout.
The melon bread truck is slow.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
We're back.
It would be good for nothing
when chasing suspects.
We're not the Traffic Mobile Unit.
We're in the Criminal Affairs Dept.
We quickly arrive at crime scenes
to do initial investigations.
Mobility is crucial
but you must respect traffic rules.
Driving fast isn't essential. Shima.
I'm sure you…
understand.
Of course.
Wow. A blatant lie.
You were just complaining.
"Why this melon bread truck?"
You said that a hundred times.
I said "melon bread" about ten times.
I just wonder why we drive that van.
Because you're my partner,
the melon bread…
You said it again.
I ride that van
simply because I'm paired with you.
You're complaining.
You two seem to get along.
We don't get along.
I spend long hours with him
in an enclosed space.
Without smooth communication,
the experience would only worsen.
I'm trying to find a common ground
with this man, who has various issues.
I see.
It's amazing
how much you can talk this early.
Shut up.
-It is impressive.
-Right?
Don't be lenient with him.
Just don't cause any trouble.
Um…
-He always does.
-I hate to interrupt…
your non-work-related conversation…
Another fast speaker.
Please.
Hold this.
What is this room?
The substation of MIU No. 4, evidently.
Right behind Shibaura Branch.
Convenient, right?
We'll be here
until the building gets reconstructed.
It seems a bit too casual.
The HQ suits me better.
General Affairs kicked us out of there.
When someone drained
hot udon water out the window.
Who did such a despicable thing?
I did.
Don't waste anything that's usable.
We've wireless units
and storage that we need.
The rest is up to your resourcefulness.
Please, work safely.
Yes.
-Good night.
MPD to Sumida. Report of
a drunk man sleeping on the street.
Complaint from a neighbor…
Report of a dispute
at the intersection of…
Look. Melon Bread.
This is great.
Hello. How much is it?
-How much is it?
-Ignore her.
-The melon bread.
-It's…
Sorry, we're all out.
Strawberry, please.
-There's no more.
-Good choice.
-It's green. Go.
-I know.
-I wanted one.
-Maybe next time.
How much shall we charge?
1,000 yen a piece?
That's too much.
With an entire melon in it?
No. How big would the bread need to be?
That's gigantic.
I don't get it.
"Entire melon" is used
to portray an image.
A metaphor.
What a disappointment.
-Actually, you are.
-Oh! I just saw a dog.
Hey, lady.
There's no entire melon in it.
What lady?
Car next to us. She's staring at me.
-Lady.
-Hey.
Lady. We're out of melon bread today.
Stop that.
-She's staring.
-We're not a bakery.
What?
Start the car.
-Ibuki.
-Okay.
310 yen.
What?
-I'd say 400 yen tops.
-Enough with melon bread.
You started this topic.
MPD to all stations.
Suspect of a murder case
in Nishimori is at large.
That's not far.
HOUSE CLEANING SERVICE
28 years old, male.
Light green jacket and jeans.
Lean. Considered armed.
VICTIM
The car in front of us.
It's getting away.
Stop, stop.
-What are you doing?
-It's red.
We'll lose them.
It's fine. There's traffic. And the car?
-I saw the suspect.
-What?
I got a glimpse
of his arm grabbing the lady.
Light green sleeve.
It matches the description.
Wait. The sleeve is all you saw?
-Yes.
-A glimpse?
-Just the sleeve?
What?
You're so redundant.
Melon bread… now sleeve?
How many people wear
light green clothes in Tokyo?
I should believe you
because you saw a light green sleeve?
They both seemed jittery.
The lady and the mister driving.
-I'm serious.
-Just the sleeve?
Yes.
A moving hostage situation?
Come on.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ. Shima speaking.
The captain, please.
No.1 HQ, Kikyo speaking.
The man next to me claims
that he might have found a car
the murder suspect might be in.
Stop saying "might."
That sounds iffy.
The plate number is
Shinagawa 100 HE 27-77.
Permission to pursue vehicle.
Please.
Over. Over.
Roger. Be very careful.
Yes. Copy.
She said, "Be very careful."
I know.
Mr. Jinba.
We found the suspect?
Not at all.
The situation is still
very iffy at the moment.
-Move it, Kokonoe.
-Sorry.
The victim is Yukihiro Matsumura,
the managing director.
Senda, an employee, found him
when he arrived at work this morning…
You…
Takashi Kagami ran off.
It's his eighth year here.
Punctual. Never been absent.
He left his bag with his wallet inside.
Does he have a license?
No. He told me that he can't drive.
He can't drive.
Ms. Kikyo. We got the registerer.
He takes off without his wallet,
and carjacks a car passing by
to escape. That's possible.
We now know the owner
of the car 404 is following.
You're not far. Visit his home.
I'm going to the car owner's house.
Okay.
What is it?
-I don't see blood on the door knob.
-Blood?
There are palm prints
everywhere in the room.
We've prints of both palms.
Kagami's hands weren't bloody
when he opened the door?
I wonder why.
Shouldn't we tell them?
These guys will recognize it.
Kagami might not be the murderer.
The discoverer didn't see
Kagami stab the victim.
Then who did?
Someone who was here before Kagami.
The palm prints belong to this person.
You told me to see the big picture
in the initial investigation.
Whose prints are those?
Forensics will take care of that.
Thank you very much.
Um…
Please release my wife.
I will when we get there.
Okay, sorry. Please.
There's a third person.
I see the head.
I can't tell the color of his clothes.
-We can stop them.
-How?
-We crash into them.
-We crash again, we're done.
You're right.
-We don't even know if that's our guy.
-I said that's our guy.
If he is, he's killed one person.
We shouldn't agitate him.
We wait until he gets off.
That's a very passive solution.
It's a safe solution.
Hey…
Not so safe anymore.
No way.
It's a roadblock.
INSPECTION
-Take a turn. Now.
-It's too late.
If you talk, I'll stab her.
See. He's definitely in the car.
-I'll call them over the radio.
-Too late.
We'll standby.
Thanks for your cooperation.
Don't do anything stupid.
Yes?
There's been an incident nearby.
License, please.
It's in my bag.
Yes.
What happened?
Murder.
The suspect is at large.
Who is he?
Shouldn't we go?
Or not?
-Do we go?
-Calm down.
-I want to go.
Hey, he's done.
-The suspect is in that car, right?
-What?
We're from MIU.
We're in a hurry.
The guy in light green in the back.
No. That's their son.
-Son?
-Yes.
He was very specific.
Who is he?
That's my son.
I'm taking him to the hospital.
His name is…
Hidenori.
Hidenori Tanabe.
Born on April 14th, 1991.
He'll turn 28 this year.
That's him in middle school.
Understood. Thank you.
Good day.
I still think he's our guy.
So, we'll keep following them.
Let's go. We'll lose them.
Fantastic.
My son…
My son, Hidenori.
What?
Nothing.
Sorry.
We're leaving Tokyo.
Are we not allowed to?
404 to No.1 HQ.
Taking Route 15 to enter Kanagawa.
Notify Investigation Assistance and ask
Communications for a wide-range link.
TANABE RESIDENCE
We'll go next door.
Mr. Ibuki saw a light green sleeve,
which matches the description.
That's all.
Not much credibility there.
What if the suspect is in the car?
It's 99% futile.
Good, you get it.
99% of our job is futile.
Yes?
We're from the police.
I'd like to ask about your neighbor.
One moment, please.
Thank you.
Why does Mr. Shima put up with
Mr. Ibuki's recklessness.
I heard he was competent.
Was competent?
He messed up at
First Investigation, right?
So he got demoted.
I did my homework before coming to MIU.
How did he screw up?
Do you know?
Shima…
killed his partner.
So you believe me?
That the suspect is in that car?
I don't.
Come on.
I don't believe the cop
from earlier either.
I keep checking
until the probability is zero.
You don't trust anybody
including yourself, right?
You know…
I've always been a target
of questioning by the police.
Understandable.
If something went missing at school,
the teacher would always accuse me.
I got tired of explaining myself.
I stopped caring about being distrusted
and I stopped trusting others too.
But…
there was one person.
There was just one person
who would trust me.
You're welcome to trust me too, Shima.
-No thanks.
-Come on.
-I hate it when he says that.
-Hello?
Mr. and Mrs. Tanabe did have a son.
Hidenori Tanabe.
But he's dead.
He's dead?
He killed himself in high school.
Exactly 12 years ago today.
Today is the anniversary
of our son's passing.
13th anniversary.
We were on our way to visit his grave.
I'm not going to let you go.
If he were alive, he'd be about your age.
What?
You actually resemble him a little.
That's true.
Your eyes and around here.
-This must be destiny.
-Enough!
Don't forget that I'm threatening you two.
Did you really kill someone?
What is it?
One second.
I simply…
worked everyday.
Even today.
I went to work.
I talked to the managing director.
They are all suffering.
We're seriously short-handed.
The staff aren't…
responsible for the decline
in performance.
I believe you.
I believe what you say.
Me too.
Is that an officer?
I've got this.
Pretend you're asleep.
Yes?
-Your trunk is open.
-Huh?
There's something hanging out from it.
We're in a hurry. Leave us alone.
It may get tangled in the wheel
of another car and cause an accident.
I'll re-shut it for you.
Open the trunk.
Thanks. Please.
This is it.
It doesn't belong to us.
I'll throw it away?
Thank you.
Sure. Goodbye.
Well?
His clothes match.
He did have a possible weapon.
That's probably him.
What did I say?
I snuck a recorder in there.
Huh?
It'll send us the sound
via Bluetooth as it records.
Eavesdropping? That's illegal.
It's not illegal.
If that car is being
carjacked as we speak,
it's a legit way to gather information.
I see.
We'll continue to follow them
until we confirm the victims are safe.
Roger that.
Bluetooth is class 2.
Stay within a 10-meter range.
You're telling me now?
Speed limit.
Yes, yes.
Give me your phone.
It's in my left pocket.
Left pocket?
There you go. Hey, hey…
-Did you just touch my…?
-I didn't touch anything.
Mr. Jinba.
There are purple flowers in the car.
Most likely irises.
Purchased at a Flower Shop Matsuki.
See what you can find out.
-Hey, come on…
-We got something.
Nothing I did made him happy.
He didn't accept me
unless I did exactly as I was told.
He was always right.
Anyone who ever opposed him was wrong.
That's who my father is.
So, I left home
as soon as I finished high school.
And I came to Tokyo.
Having nowhere to go, I worked
as a day laborer for a while.
I slept at internet cafes
for about six months.
Then,
I bumped into Kishi.
I went to middle school with Kishi.
I told him about my situation,
and he said I should work with him
He hooked me up.
At last,
I was on salary.
I was living in an apartment.
Even had paid vacation.
I was finally able to live like a person.
Kishi…
He saved my life.
What a nice guy.
An employee named Kishi did exist.
But he got fired last week
by the managing director.
Excuse me.
I found libelous tweets on the victim.
Just get in here.
"Abusive Yukihiro Matsumura
of Uchikurin must be punished."
Account name is Kishi.
Where is Kishi?
Allegedly, he's going back
to his home in Yamanashi.
Where's the car 404 is following headed?
We've passed Gotenba. We're taking
Route 138 towards Fuji-Yamada.
He was being abusive to all the staff.
It got so bad that Kishi punched
the managing director.
Understandable.
Yes, sure. He has the right to.
He should.
Hence, Kishi got fired.
-What!?
-That happens when you hit your boss.
That means you should
get fired for hitting me.
Did you report the abuse to his superiors?
Are they really hostages?
You changed the subject.
They don't sound like
they're being threatened.
So, Mr. Kishi decided to…
He said it was punishment.
He said our boss deserved to die.
Kishi…
No… I forgot about that.
Come on!
I know.
Well…
You heard him.
Kagami didn't do it.
Then why is he running?
To prove his innocence, naturally.
We're right by the murder site.
There's a surveillance camera.
Hello.
We're from the police.
Just think about it.
You get to work and find your boss dead.
Then a colleague walks in
and suspects that you're the killer.
You'd freak out and run.
You could honestly say
that he was dead on your arrival.
It's not that simple. I understand him.
I'm a detective
who gets questioned by cops.
Are you proud of that?
Most killers deny it.
Some suspects really are innocent.
I don't deny that.
-You need to…
-What?
at least try to trust others.
Are you stupid? Actually, I know you are.
Then don't ask.
I knew that you were stupid
purely as a human being.
Are you stupid as a cop too?
You're mean.
Let me say this.
Here it comes.
Doubting is our profession.
-Says who?
-Huh?
Can't we have one cop
that believes in Kagami?
-No.
-Seriously?
No. Then who's the killer?
-Kishi.
-Prove it.
The discoverer.
What if we falsely accuse the person?
Stop being so picky now, Shima.
Your carefree attitude gets to me.
Anyway…
I simply want to believe him.
No.1 HQ to MIU 404.
MIU 404, go ahead.
What? Seriously?
Her voice sounds scary.
This is MIU 404. Over.
The scene of the carjacking was caught
on the flower shop camera.
The armed suspect forced
the couple into the car.
Yamanashi P.D. will support us.
MIU 132 is on its way.
Join them and secure the suspect.
So, we hit the 1% that's not futile.
Let's go.
Yes, let's.
Location of the couple? Over.
Entering a roadside station
at Fuji-Yamada.
Suspect has a weapon.
He got the couple out of the car.
He may harm them.
Asking permission to secure the suspect.
Just in case.
We must stop him before it's too late.
It's beautiful.
We came here before, the three of us.
I remember we had some noodles.
Hey.
Let's eat. Are you hungry?
It's on me.
-Let's eat.
-But.
Come on.
Let me go to the restroom first.
-I'm going to piss my pants.
-Stop it.
Don't worry.
We're going all the way with you.
All the way to your destination.
Yes.
We promise.
Hurry up and go.
I'm almost there.
That was a long one.
You must think we're a weird couple.
I'm not your son.
We…
We failed to believe our son.
Somebody stole money
from his classmate at school.
Hidenori was accused.
He was going through a rebellious phase.
I was mad that he did something so stupid.
Without letting him explain,
I scolded him and made him apologize.
But it turned out that
it really wasn't him.
He was innocent.
We found out after he died.
It was another kid.
But why did he have to die?
Because it was unbearable to be accused?
Was it to get back at me?
Was it chagrin?
Did he lose all hope?
To this day, what he felt
as he died remains a mystery.
If I could…
go back in time,
"I believe you."
"No matter what anyone says,
I believe you."
I wish I had said that to him.
Stop right there.
Kagami.
I'll hear you out.
Give yourself up.
Okay?
It's off limits.
Get back.
Don't enter. Stay away.
Hey, I'm a cop.
Run. Run.
Prove your innocence.
Go.
Shima. Shima.
-Run.
-Let go of me.
-This is the police.
-Go.
You!
You let him get away, idiot.
Look who's talking.
We're sending officers
to his father's house.
Mr. and Mrs. Tanabe are safe?
Yes, but…
They insist that it wasn't a carjack.
Mr. Kagami is innocent.
You must investigate properly.
That's exactly why
we needed to interview him.
You're doubting him from the start.
You're doubting us from the start.
-I'm pro-Kagami.
-Pro-Kagami?
I think he's innocent.
Stop your nonsense.
He's the suspect of a murder case.
If you helped him escape knowingly,
you may be charged with accessory.
What? Not if Kagami is innocent.
Since he is our suspect,
the accessory charge is valid.
This is why I hate cops.
-Is he really a cop?
-Don't listen to him.
Yes, I'm a cop.
Hello?
You found Kishi? Where is he?
See?
He's still in Tokyo.
He was sleeping at his girl's house.
Are you Takuya Kishi?
You're here for the extra change
I took from the store?
-What did I tell you?
-Shut up.
Did I commit larceny?
Where is Kagami?
Why is he going to Yamanashi?
Especially if he's innocent.
To convince Kishi to confess.
Did he really say that?
Kishi's in Tokyo.
He didn't know about the murder.
Hold on.
He might be innocent.
What about the discoverer?
People believe what they want to believe.
That includes all of you.
You wanted to believe it wasn't Kagami.
"I didn't do it."
Perpetrators often lie
so they won't get caught.
Secondly,
they want to believe
that they didn't do it.
They refuse to accept what they did.
They wish to go back in time
and not commit the crime.
They want to erase the past.
But you can't go back in time.
No.
He didn't do it. He's innocent.
Kagami might commit suicide.
Where is he?
Mister. Lady.
Tell us where he went.
Tell us the truth.
There's a general store named
Round Home in Shimofuji Town.
He said that he'd walk alone from there.
We don't know
where his final destination is.
-Thank you very much.
-Thanks.
Excuse me.
Stop.
Get the address.
That's probably where he's going.
What?
I see.
Thank you.
The palm prints have been analyzed.
They match the prints taken
at Kagami's house.
TAKUYA KISHI
Kagami.
What are you doing? Just turn yourself in.
I'm going to kill him.
Then myself.
Who?
Kill who?
Where are you?
Home.
It's been over a decade
since I last saw my home.
You've been here, right?
Hey.
Do you remember?
We were playing video games.
Then my father came in and hit me.
He'd always make me write an apology.
He destroyed my console
and threw away my comic books.
He even threw my computer.
He made me write apology letters.
"I made you upset. I am sorry…"
I'm sorry.
Not once…
Not once did he apologize.
I'm sorry.
He's just like Matsumura, right?
He fired you.
But it's his fault.
So you killed him?
I never asked you to do that.
It's his fault.
It's all his fault.
I'm here to tell him that.
He needs to know what he did to me.
He should take responsibility
for how I've turned out.
Where is he?
Where are you?
Your father passed away.
Two years ago.
Traffic accident.
Nobody lives here.
Was it you…
who killed your boss this morning?
It can't be, right?
You killed your boss
to get back at your father?
You wasted your life over that?
No!
Suing me won't work.
I'll just fire you too.
Aren't you going to say you're sorry?
I just…
couldn't forgive him.
Why?
This isn't happening.
Why did this happen?
Morning.
You…
He started this.
This guy did.
It's him.
He died in an accident?
This can't be revenge if he died
not knowing what his son has done.
He hasn't apologized to me once.
Mr. Kagami.
You…
killed a person.
Whatever the reason,
the dead…
don't come back.
You're so stupid.
You can't kill.
All right?
Not even the lowest of scumbags.
No matter how furious you are.
The one that kills loses.
Okay?
I wish you were innocent.
Mr. Kagami.
We'll be handing over the suspect now.
Please.
Mr. Kagami.
I'm sorry.
We promised to be with you until the end.
Let's go on a drive. The three of us.
And we'll have noodles.
We'll meet again.
Okay?
Sorry.
I'm hungry.
Let's go eat.
All right.
What's a local dish?
Thank you.
It's delicious.
It is.
Do they sell dry ones?
Dry ones?
For the guys at MIU.
You mean dried noodles?
That's what I said.
Let me say one thing.
Not while I'm eating.
I'm sorry I hit you.
Sorry.
Shima?
Shima.
I'm so proud of you.
Don't touch me.
-I'll give you a noodle.
-No thanks.
-You'll spill the sauce.
-Why?
We might make a good duo after all.
No thanks.
Next time you say that,
you have to buy me ten melon bread buns.
Who would want to eat ten of those?
-You're ridiculous.
-We'll sell them on the van.
Here, Melon Bread Cop.
I take back my apology.
What?
It's too late for that.
Can't go back in time.
You're right.
We can't.
The dead don't come back.
They never do.
I hope you'll live long.
Prank calls?
Help me!
He runs away when the cops arrive.
I like you, Captain.
Cheerful workplace.
You delayed his arrest!
Idiot!